they love they love talking birds and
cussing preaches what do you mean birds
right well let me let me make it a
little me the old cliche what I heard
years ago with birds of a feather flock
together so that that allowed me to
believe that when burgers around the
church go to talking no matter what the
preachers say the birds watched it and
what really getting me watched it it's
the only time to bird talk is whatever
the preacher and said the Lord already
told him you gonna say why said I
noticed that the bird didn't say nothing
as long as Peter was talking about other
stuff but the moment Peter said what
Jesus said he was gonna say then the
birds went to talk of what he saying
Reverend sometimes you have to be
careful about the church and the bird
that talk about the manna dog when he
doing only what God had already told him
he gonna do watch this wherever and i
still had got the fact of the cussing
cussing preaching i understand you you
broke it down about the talking birds
okay we understand that that the talking
birds could be it's the birds that go
around and and they talk and they fly
together and they just go for one to the
other we understand all that but but but
today we just need you to kind of
clarify what you mean by cussing
preachers well I want to make it known
that today I want you to understand it
that you better be careful of the
preachers that you follow every preacher
that bring a cost on me with words some
of it be with teaching y'all ain't y'all
eatin yeah yeah God had you in a place
where he was growing what you was doing
better than you ever done in your life
and Here Come a rascal reaches some jump
you ain't got no business listening to
Kabaddi said it till you got ain't got
nothing to do with it all he did it took
you out of your blessing and put you in
a curse tell somebody else of cursing
preaching yeah yeah yeah I ain't asked
him to put a curse on me he don't want
told me that I can still shocked and go
to heaven either one told me that I can
still drink a little bit every night
then he don't want to start preaching so
I gonna find out that people love
following talking birds and cousin
preachers they love following people
that talking mess that's keeping up mess
and they love following preachers that
tell them anything they want to heal
just to keep them in church